---
title: lifelog 5 - summary of this year
date: 2020-12-31
---

2020 was a different year in a different sense, but something went well... more or less.

I bought a domain, created a blog, and created a new custom email for work and LinkedIn. How professional I am, omg.

I bought 3 types of Vans. I'd like to be an ambassador. Maybe 2021 will be my year for a collaboration with Vans.

I opened a debt with a bank: okay, I'm saying something more drastic than it is. The fact is: financial payment. Fuck capitalism!

I started upgrading my home office and wrote something like 100,000 lines of code, learning new languages and tools.

I got my first tattoo, my lovely friend John. I posted a pic of him on my Instagram, check it out.

I also pierced my ear. I'm John Travolta's double.

I've taken an unknown number of exams at the university: postponed and turned down more than I could count.

I traveled around Sicily, discovering new beers (and other things, but you know, I must respect the disclaimer of my Instagram account). Also started to make cocktails at home.

I joined the gym, bodybuilding: my muscles thank me, but not thanks to 'mbare Peppe. You can't close gyms after paying the annual subscription. Anyway, I have to do something for my back; I spend too much time sitting for work or study.

I met new people and made new pub friends. Love you too, "sea friends".

I think I've not forgotten anything.

This year could have been better, but eh, I'm here at least to write these words.

Regards,<br>
Santo
